Hello,

Here is a read-me file for my submission to the ADC

A screen cast is available at 

http://www.screencast.com/users/ftorte/folders/Jing/media/227b6c6b-7031-4c79-9c8e-296b65c53131

The screen cast aims to show "welmo" application that is in a POC phase.
 
The objective of welmo (welmo = we leave mobile) it is to private an easy way to get in contact with your friends 
and be able to organize event or receive instant invitation from anybody anyware and reply with your mobile phone.
 
For the one that organize, he just needs to invite and welmo select the appropriate media to send the invitation. 

Then welmo analyze the response to keep you informed about the status of the invitation (reject accept). 

This is one of the added values of Welmo since as a user you only need to add contacts and welmo dispatch 
your invitation to all people you have in the list. 

At the moment welmo is only able to dispatch to people contact with a XMPP login like the 2 that are by default 
in the apk (25apr1945@gmail.com and 25apr1946@gmail.com) but in the near future also SMS and other media will be available.
 
At the moment welmo use only XMPP (Gtalk is not yet working but I want to migrate ASAP) my objective is that welmo 
will use the preferred media of each contact including Gtalk(XMPP)/SMS/Phone/ e-mail.

An use case to use welmo
Let imagine you are in the city and you see that there is an interesting movie. 
You want to invite your friend to have a bear and then go to the movie. 

With welmo you just take the picture of the movie adds a short speech, describe 
the meeting and send the invitation to your friends. Welmo keep you informed about the acceptance.

Today you can only attach description, but I have planned to be able to enrich the invitations 
with picture, registered voice talk and map locations. So you can create rich content invitations. 

Today a received meeting is private. But once the integration with the chat is finished you 
will be able to open a chat to have everybody and talk about the meeting with your frends.

Today a receiver cannot add other people, but in the next version I would like to open it in order 
that if I receive an open meeting I can invite a friend of mine not invite at the beginning.

Welmo take care of analysis of response and update your meeting so at any time you know who 
rejected the invitation and have access to the response. 

I am working on linking the attend list with the standard phone call and also chat and SMS 
so at any moment the user just clicking on the name of the attend and send a private message or talk to.

Last but not least Welmo is integrated with the Agenda where you have your meeting. In this version on 
the receiver three is no distinction between an external invitation and a meeting created by the phone user.
 
In the demo I configure the application. This is because current welmo comes with a set of meeting test, 
test contacts, configuration etc... All those parameters are in the application in an XML file packaged with the apk file. 
To configure XMPP you have to execute Welmo config, configure the connection (then because of a bug) you have to exit and 
reliance the configuration to be able to laungh the connection.

Some info about the price and my objectives
If I win the price I will use the money to take a "congé sabbatique" and work full time to the finalization of the application. 
I will also have planned to look for a designer to redesign the GUI and look for a developer (expert in java) to work on the development 
of welmo and test it.

I also want ot puchase the android ardware to make some real tests ASAP hardwar ios available 

Today I did everything by myself but if thing become serious I have to take the right decision to make this application successful and
so find founding (the price example) to maximize the chance to make this applicaiton realy a companion for everibody usig it.

Thanks for your attention

Best Regards
Fausto Torterolo
